Difference between Window Object and Browser Object ?

Window object : It is the top most object and outermost element of the object hierarchy.
                 It  is a global/root object in JavaScript and it is the root object of the Document object model(DOM);

Document object : Each HTML document that gets loaded into a window becomes a document object. The document contains the contents of the page. Using document object, JavaScript can modify, add and delete the HTML elements, attributes CSS styles in the page
		  The window object represents a window/tab containing a DOM document where as document object is property of window object that points to the DOM document loaded in that window.
		  You can access a document object either using window.document property or using document object directly as window is global object. In the below example, title is the property of document object.
		  The other major difference is that both window object and document object have properties and methods. Few method names are same in both objects but with different behavior. In the below example window.open() opens a new tab or window and document.open() creates a blank document within the window.

Syntax:

       window object:
			window.propertyname;

     document object:
      			document.propertyname
				// OR
			window.document.propertyname

Document :
		It represents the document loaded inside the window or browser.
		
		The properties related to it are stored in the document object.
		
		It is loaded after the loading window because the window contains a document.

		It is the root element of the document object model.

		It is an object of window.

		We can not access windows objects properties inside the document.

		logically: document:{ properties }	
	
		Example: document.title will return the title of the document

Window :	
		
		It represents the browser window in which you are seeing the content.
		
		The properties related to it are stored in the window object.
	
		It is loaded before the document because window container document.

		The window is the global element for all objects, functions, etc.

		It is an object of the browser.

		We can access document object properties inside the window.

		logically:   window:{ document:{properties} }

		Example: window.document.title will return the title of the document.

		
    
		